[docs] CDCSDK: Documentation for CDC Consistent Snapshot streams (#21416)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-tserver.md

To learn about CDC, see [Change data capture (CDC)](../../../architecture/docdb-replication/change-data-capture/).

##### --yb_enable_cdc_consistent_snapshot_streams

Support for creating a stream for Transactional CDC is currently in [Tech Preview](/preview/releases/versioning/#feature-availability).

> Whether support for creation of streams for transactional CDC is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable support for creating of streams for transactional CDC.
```
